# Go API client for models

Comprehensive API for the TrackBot Application helping in logging workouts, exercises and nutrition using AI.

This API provides endpoints for:
- User management
- Workout tracking and management
- Exercise logging (cardio and weight training)
- AI conversation and messaging

All timestamps are in ISO 8601 format (UTC).


## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.14.0-SNAPSHOT
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import models "github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `models.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), models.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `models.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), models.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `models.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `models.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), models.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), models.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:8080/api/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------


## Documentation For Models

 - [BaseExercise](docs/BaseExercise.md)
 - [CardioExercise](docs/CardioExercise.md)
 - [Conversation](docs/Conversation.md)
 - [CreateCardioExerciseRequest](docs/CreateCardioExerciseRequest.md)
 - [CreateConversationRequest](docs/CreateConversationRequest.md)
 - [CreateConversationResponse](docs/CreateConversationResponse.md)
 - [CreateExerciseRequest](docs/CreateExerciseRequest.md)
 - [CreateExerciseResponse](docs/CreateExerciseResponse.md)
 - [CreateMessageRequest](docs/CreateMessageRequest.md)
 - [CreateMessageResponse](docs/CreateMessageResponse.md)
 - [CreateUserRequest](docs/CreateUserRequest.md)
 - [CreateUserResponse](docs/CreateUserResponse.md)
 - [CreateWeightExerciseRequest](docs/CreateWeightExerciseRequest.md)
 - [CreateWorkoutRequest](docs/CreateWorkoutRequest.md)
 - [CreateWorkoutResponse](docs/CreateWorkoutResponse.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [Exercise](docs/Exercise.md)
 - [ExerciseType](docs/ExerciseType.md)
 - [Message](docs/Message.md)
 - [MessageType](docs/MessageType.md)
 - [UpdateExerciseRequest](docs/UpdateExerciseRequest.md)
 - [UpdateWorkoutRequest](docs/UpdateWorkoutRequest.md)
 - [User](docs/User.md)
 - [WeightExercise](docs/WeightExercise.md)
 - [Workout](docs/Workout.md)
 - [WorkoutListParams](docs/WorkoutListParams.md)


## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author


